README.md, before:

# Go Todo App

A full-featured Todo application with a Golang backend API and React frontend.

## Project Structure

- `/backend` - Go API server using Gin framework
- `/frontend` - React frontend using TypeScript

## Backend

The backend is a RESTful API built with Go and the Gin framework. It provides endpoints for creating, reading, updating, and deleting todos.

### API Endpoints

- `GET /api/todos` - Get all todos
- `GET /api/todos/:id` - Get a specific todo
- `POST /api/todos` - Create a new todo
- `PUT /api/todos/:id` - Update a todo
- `PATCH /api/todos/:id/toggle` - Toggle the completed status of a todo
- `DELETE /api/todos/:id` - Delete a todo

### Running the Backend

```
cd backend
go mod tidy
go run main.go
```

The server will start on http://localhost:8080

## Frontend

The frontend is built with React, TypeScript, and uses Axios for API requests.

### Features

- Add, edit, delete todos
- Mark todos as complete/incomplete
- Filter todos (All, Active, Completed)
- Clear completed todos
- Count of remaining active todos

### Running the Frontend

```
cd frontend
npm install
npm start
```

The application will start on http://localhost:3000

### Troubleshooting TypeScript Errors

If you encounter TypeScript errors related to React imports:

1. Make sure you're using the correct version of React types:
   ```
   npm install @types/react@17.0.39 @types/react-dom@17.0.17 react@17.0.2 react-dom@17.0.2
   ```

2. Use the proper React import syntax:
   ```typescript
   import * as React from 'react';
   ```

3. Access React hooks with the React namespace:
   ```typescript
   const [state, setState] = React.useState(initialValue);
   ```

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Go 1.18 or higher
- Node.js 14 or higher
- npm 6 or higher

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add Quick Start section to README for easier application initialization

README.md, after:

# Go Todo App

A full-featured Todo application with a Golang backend API and React frontend.

## Project Structure

- `/backend` - Go API server using Gin framework
- `/frontend` - React frontend using TypeScript

## Backend

The backend is a RESTful API built with Go and the Gin framework. It provides endpoints for creating, reading, updating, and deleting todos.

### API Endpoints

- `GET /api/todos` - Get all todos
- `GET /api/todos/:id` - Get a specific todo
- `POST /api/todos` - Create a new todo
- `PUT /api/todos/:id` - Update a todo
- `PATCH /api/todos/:id/toggle` - Toggle the completed status of a todo
- `DELETE /api/todos/:id` - Delete a todo

### Running the Backend

```
cd backend
go mod tidy
go run main.go
```

The server will start on http://localhost:8080

## Frontend

The frontend is built with React, TypeScript, and uses Axios for API requests.

### Features

- Add, edit, delete todos
- Mark todos as complete/incomplete
- Filter todos (All, Active, Completed)
- Clear completed todos
- Count of remaining active todos

### Running the Frontend

```
cd frontend
npm install
npm start
```

The application will start on http://localhost:3000

### Troubleshooting TypeScript Errors

If you encounter TypeScript errors related to React imports:

1. Make sure you're using the correct version of React types:
   ```
   npm install @types/react@17.0.39 @types/react-dom@17.0.17 react@17.0.2 react-dom@17.0.2
   ```

2. Use the proper React import syntax:
   ```typescript
   import * as React from 'react';
   ```

3. Access React hooks with the React namespace:
   ```typescript
   const [state, setState] = React.useState(initialValue);
   ```

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Go 1.18 or higher
- Node.js 14 or higher
- npm 6 or higher

### Quick Start

You can start both the backend and frontend with a single command:

```
.\start.bat
```

This will start the Go backend on port 8080 and the React frontend on port 3000.

## License

MIT
